this is what it's come to huh you were
the England that me so I can tell my
secret too
I painted every single one of them every
bigger no one will ever know about you
come on let's go what's that is that
like Reaper you have a lot to learn it's
your name those girls down there like
you wow this is all happening mighty
quick are you Mindy poor savor the child
blessing that's why I paint them so big
I've always done it that way why are you
my lady
I'm King those paintings he sells
pictures of the paintings and mrs. post
types of pictures of the paintings it's
a movement
honestly I can't believe I live here you
confuse I painted that what is troubling
you
I lied to my child I'm just not that
kind of person is your husband that kind
of person these painters are part of my
being
maybe I could sign it myself it sounds a
bit confusing doesn't it King means me
if you tell anyone this Empire collapsed
second robbers from a distant team look
like anger no closer just not
the artist